Nano X not supported for development releases (#4393)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/general/ledger.md

See [**this video tutorial**](https://youtu.be/4SyVQrlXZ_Q) to learn how to install the developer
release of your ledger app.

> Unfortunately the developer release can't be installed on the Nano X, only on the Nano S and S plus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the developer release can be installed only on the Nano S and S plus devices and can't be installed on the Nano X.
```
